changed "Go here for more information" to "Learn more." (#938)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/stock-allocation.mdx

The warehouses, shipping zones, and channels must be linked
to provide the expected allocation. Below you can find the explanation of the terms that will be required to understand this guide properly:

> - channel - allows configuring your shop differently for different currencies. [Learn More](./channels.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- channel - allows configuring your shop differently for different currencies. See the [channel documentation](./channels.mdx) for details.
```
